=Django Simple Captcha=

== Configuration ==

The following configuration elements can be defined (in your `settings.py`)

==== `CAPTCHA_FONT_PATH` ====
Full path and filename of a !TrueType (TTF), !OpenType, or [http://www.pythonware.com/library/pil/handbook/pilfont.htm pilfont] font file used to render text.

Defaults to: `fonts/etl24-unicode.pil` (included in the application, public domain font).

For best results, download and install the [http://ftp.gnome.org/pub/GNOME/sources/ttf-bitstream-vera/1.10/ Bitstream Vera Fonts] and point it to e.g. `'/usr/X11R6/lib/X11/fonts/TTF/Vera.ttf'`

==== `CAPTCHA_FONT_SIZE` ====
Font-size in pixels of the rendered text. 

Defaults to `'22'`.


==== `CAPTCHA_LETTER_ROTATION` ====
A random rotation in this interval is applied to each letter in the challenge text.

Defaults to `(-35,35)`.


==== `CAPTCHA_BACKGROUND_COLOR` ====
Background-color of the captcha. Can be expressed as html-style `#rrggbb`, `rgb(red, green, blue)`, or common html names (e.g. "red"). 

Defaults to: `'#ffffff'`

==== `CAPTCHA_FOREGROUND_COLOR` ====
Foreground-color of the captcha. 

Defaults to `'#001100'`

==== `CAPTCHA_CHALLENGE_FUNCT` ====
String representing a python callable (i.e. a function) to use challenge generator.

See CaptchaGenerators for a list of available generators and a guide on how to write your own.

Defaults to: `'captcha.helpers.random_char_challenge'`


==== `CAPTCHA_NOISE_FUNCTIONS` ====
List of strings of python callables that take a PIL [http://www.pythonware.com/library/pil/handbook/imagedraw.htm DrawImage] object and an [http://www.pythonware.com/library/pil/handbook/image.htm Image] iamge as input, modify the !DrawImage, then return it.

Defaults to: `('captcha.helpers.noise_arcs','captcha.helpers.noise_dots',)`

==== `CAPTCHA_FILTER_FUNCTIONS` ====
List of strings of python callables that take a PIL [http://www.pythonware.com/library/pil/handbook/image.htm Image] object as input, modify it and return it.

These are called right before the rendering, i.e. after the noise functions.

Defaults to: `('captcha.helpers.post_smooth',)`

==== `CAPTCHA_WORDS_DICTIONARY` ====
Required for the `word_challenge` challenge function only. Points a file containing a list of words, one per line.

Defaults to: `'/usr/share/dict/words'`

==== `CAPTCHA_FLITE_PATH` ====
Full path to the `flite` executable. When defined, will automatically add audio output to the captcha.

Defaults to: `None` (no audio output)


==== `CAPTCHA_TIMEOUT` ====
Integer. Lifespan, in minutes, of the generated captcha.

Defaults to: `5`

==== `CAPTCHA_LENGTH` ====

Sets the length, in chars, of the generated captcha. (for the `'captcha.helpers.random_char_challenge'` challenge)

Defaults to: `4`


==== `CAPTCHA_DICTIONARY_MIN_LENGTH` ====

When using the `word_challenge` challenge function, controls the minimum length of the words to be randomly picked from the dictionary file.

Defaults to: `0`

==== `CAPTCHA_DICTIONARY_MAX_LENGTH` ====

When using the `word_challenge` challenge function, controls the maximal length of the words to be randomly picked from the dictionary file.

Defaults to: `99`

Note: it's perfectly safe to specify e.g. `CAPTCHA_DICTIONARY_MIN_LENGTH = CAPTCHA_DICTIONARY_MAX_LENGTH = 6` but it'd considered an error to define `CAPTCHA_DICTIONARY_MAX_LENGTH` to be smaller than  `CAPTCHA_DICTIONARY_MIN_LENGTH`.